Second pass at versioning api and docs (#10)
qwint/Archipelago: docs/webhost api.md

Each API endpoint will have their "Cache timer" listed under their definition (if any).
API calls to these endpoints should not be faster than the listed timer. This will result in wasted processing for your client and (more importantly) the Archipelago WebHost, as the data will not be refreshed by the WebHost until the internal timer has elapsed.

## Core Endpoints
These endpoints are used to query details about the running API stack for the WebHost. These are server-wide, and not tied to an individual room, seed, tracker, or user.

### `/version`
<a name="apiversion"></a>

> In order to provide the ability for applications to verify they have the correct API specs, the running Archipelago Core version, and each API endpoint version, is accessable to you. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to provide the ability for applications to verify they have the correct API specs, the running Archipelago Core version and each API endpoint version are accessible to you. 
```
